PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated March 02, 2024
This privacy notice for North Developers ('we', 'us', or 'our), describes how and why we might
collect, store, use, and/or share ('process') your information when you use our services
('Services'), such as when you:
▪ Download and use our mobile application (Al Assistant Bot), or any other application of
ours that links to this privacy notice
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events
Questions or concerns? Reading this privacy[notice will help you understand your privacy
rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our
Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
zulfiqar ali2223456@gmail.com.


SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more
details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using
our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for.
What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we
may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the
choices you make, and the products and features you use. Learn more about personal
information you disclose to us.
Do we process any sensitive personal information? We do not process sensitive personal
information.
Do we receive any information from third parties? We do not receive any information from
third parties.
How do we process your information? We process your information to provide, improve, and
administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply
with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We
process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn more
about how we process your information.



In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? We may
share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Learn more about when
and with whom we share your personal information.
How do we keep your information safe? We have organisational and technical processes and
procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission
over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so
we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties
will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your
information. Learn more about how we keep your information safe.
What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable
privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Learn more
about your privacy rights.
How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is by submitting
a data subject access request, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in
accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect? Review the privacy notice
in full.

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and
Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the
Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
camera
▪ gallery storage
Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information.
Application Data. If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:
▪ Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's
camera, storage, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and
reporting purposes.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
information.

2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and
to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how
interact with our Services, including:
. To save or protect an individual's vital interest. We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual's vital
interest, such as to prevent harm.
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e. legal basis) to do so under
applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfil our contractual obligations, to protect your
rights, or to fulfil our legitimate business interests.
If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order.
information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
process your personal
. Consent. We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e. consent) to use your personal information for a specific
purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Learn more about withdrawing your consent.
Legal Obligations. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to
cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in
litigation in which we are involved.
. Vital Interests. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third
party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.

4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.
We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
▪ Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company
assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third parties that we may link to or who advertise on our
Services, but are not affiliated with, our Services.
The Services may link to third-party websites, online services, or mobile applications and/or contain advertisements from third parties that are not
affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, services, or applications. Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third
parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The inclusion of a
link towards a third-party website, service, or application does not imply an endorsement by us. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data
you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or
privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the
Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
